added content to api security (#5814)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/api-design/content/api-security@qIJ6dUppjAjOTA8eQbp0n.md

# API Security

API Security refers to the practices and products that are used to secure application programming interfaces (APIs). In the context of design, it is an essential component that helps ensure that a deployed API achieves its objectives in a safe and secure manner. This includes safeguarding the data, preventing unauthorized access, and protecting the system that hosts the API. API security encompasses the strategies, procedures and technology used to protect APIs from malicious attacks or unauthorized access while guaranteeing optimum performance, availability, and data privacy.

To understand API security and vulnerabiltiies further, one can refer to:

> OWASP Project API Security - https://owasp.org/API-Security/editions/2023/en/0x00-header/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the following resources to understand API security and vulnerabilties further:

- [OWASP Project API Security](https://owasp.org/API-Security/editions/2023/en/0x00-toc/)
```
